shared context 
parallelism
//AAA
Mocking
Assertions


--Shared Context between Tests--
1. constructor and dispose
When to use: when you want a clean test context for every test (sharing the setup and cleanup code, without sharing the object instance). 
how the objects are created and disposed
check if it is deleting all the records

2. class fixture
when to use: when you want to create a single test context and share it among all the tests in the class, and have it cleaned up after all the tests in the class have finished.
shared objects, data between tests, dispose executed in end
 
3. collection fixture
When to use: when you want to create a single test context and share it among tests in several test classes, and have it cleaned up after all the tests in the test classes have finished. 

execute
EmployeeCollectionTests
CollectionTests

check if it is deleting all the records, pause at dispose
check database tables

--Running tests in parallel--
Runs sequentially in same collection
Runs sequentially in same class
Runs Parallel when in different classes or collection

xunit.runner.json

execute in VSTest
execute in Console Runner

--Arrange Act Assert--
AAA is a pattern for writing unit tests that separates the test into three steps:

//Arrange
setup the testing objects and prepare the prerequisites for your test.

//Act
perform the actual work of the test.

//Assert
verify the result.

--Mocking using Moq--
creating dummy objects based upon your application's real objects and then using those dummy objects to simulate the behavior of your real objects in various conditions

Setup
You can setup the behavior of any of a mock's overridable methods using Setup, combined with e.g. Returns (so they return a value) or Throws (so they throw an exception

--Passing data to tests--
inlinedata
classdata
memberdata

pass multiple records

--Fluent Assertions--
write readable and maintainable assertions in unit tests
https://methodpoet.com/fluent-assertions/

Assert.Equal("9780321146533", book.ISBN);
Assert.Equal('3', book.ISBNCheckDigit);
Assert.Equal("Kent Beck", book.Author);
Assert.Equal("Test Driven Development: By Example", book.Name);

book.ISBN.Should().Be("9780321146533");
book.ISBNCheckDigit.Should().Be('3');
book.Author.Should().Be("Kent Beck");
book.Name.Should().Be("Test Driven Development: By Example");

why we use that, how to use that